docs: add troubleshooting guide (#6371)
strongloop/loopback-next: docs/site/Debugging-tests-with-mocha.md

---
lang: en
title: 'Debugging tests with Mocha'
keywords: LoopBack 4.0, LoopBack 4, Node.js, TypeScript, Debug
sidebar: lb4_sidebar
permalink: /doc/en/lb4/Debugging-tests-with-mocha.html
---

### Running Specific Tests

> To target on a single test case or test suite, you can use the `only` method as

Reviewer: Suggested change:

```suggestion
To run a single test case or test suite, you can use the `only` method as
```

`describe.only()` or `it.only()`. And inversely, you can skip tests by using
`describe.skip()` or `it.skip()`. The usage is well documented in
[mocha exclusive tests](https://mochajs.org/#exclusive-tests) and
[mocha inclusive tests](https://mochajs.org/#inclusive-tests).

Another approach to specify tests without modifying the code is to run
`npm test` with option `-g`. You can apply a filer on the names of tests. More
usage and examples can be found in page

> [mocha - option grep](https://mochajs.org/#-grep-regexp-g-regexp).

Reviewer 2: Please make it clear that Mocha arguments must be separated from npm arguments using `--`, e.g.

```
npm test -- -g
```

See https://github.com/strongloop/loopback-next/issues/2755
